Improved readme (#62)
palantir/gradle-jdks: README.md

   1. As a company with tens of millions of lines of Java, we often bump into JVM bugs. It's highly desirable we test and deploy using the exact same version of JDKs.
   2. Similarly, it's important to us that the exact same JDK versions are used on local machines as well as CI.
3. **Gradle does not handle JDK CA certificates.**
   1. Many companies use TLS interception when network calls are made outside their corporate network. Gradle provides no way to install the relevant CA certificates into auto-provisioned JDKs. This means they cannot be used in such an environment, or require manual patching.  
4. **You cannot easily set up a mirror for auto-provisioned JDK downloads.**
   1. There's a [Gradle property you can set to change to server base uri](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/toolchains.html#sec:provisioning:~:text=org.gradle.jvm.toolchain.install.adoptopenjdk.baseUri), but this still leaves you writing and maintaining a service that replicates the adoptium api.
   2. An internal corporate mirror can be 100x faster than a public one, especially for CI builds.

`gradle-jdks` solves all of these problems:

1. **You can choose your favoured JDK vendor.**

> 2. **Use the same JDK version on dev machines, in CI and in prod.**

Reviewer: Might be worth calling out both:
1. representative builds
2. reproducible builds
```suggestion
2. **Use the same JDK version for representative, reproducible builds on dev machines, in CI and in prod.**
```

   //           mirror to use instead of the default public mirror.
   // Default:  Whatever mirror is publicly provided by the vendor
   jdkDistribution('azul-zulu') {
      baseUrl = 'https://internal-corporate-mirror/azul-zulu-cdn-mirror'
   }
   
   // Optional: You can specify CA certs which will be installed into
   //           the extracted JDK to work with TLS interception.
   // Default:  No CA certs are added.
   caCerts.put 'corporate-tls-cert', '''
      -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
      // snip
      -----END CERTIFICATE-----
   '''.stripIndent(true)
   
   // Optional: Where to store the JDKs on disk. You almost certainly
   //           do not need to change this. 
   // Default:  $HOME/.gradle/gradle-jdks
   jdkStorageLocation = System.getProperty("user.home") + '/custom/location'
}
```

Behind the scenes, `gradle-jdks` applies [`com.palantir.baseline-java-versions` (another gradle plugin - more docs in link)](https://github.com/palantir/gradle-baseline#compalantirbaseline-java-versions) to handle configuring the Java language versions. **You will need to configure this plugin as well** to tell it what Java language versions:

> Whilst eating food,  

Reviewer 2: ?

Reviewer 3: When you're hungry while writing docs

Author: Bahaha - I got annoyed at IntelliJ telling me `In future` was bad english because it's British English and tried out `whilst` to check it's not being totally dumb. Must have committed it!

<img width="446" alt="Screenshot 2022-06-09 at 17 35 26" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/397795/173054921-ae53d198-3807-478b-bf12-ffd33d4eeda6.png">

4. Write some tests to check the path is being built correctly - [Azul Zulu example](https://github.com/palantir/gradle-jdks/blob/develop/gradle-jdks/src/test/groovy/com/palantir/gradle/jdks/AzulZuluJdkDistributionTest.java)
5. Make a PR.

## What does this not do?

1. **Run the Gradle wrapper/daemon with a certain JDK**
   * This plugin will only run common tasks that require JDKs, like `JavaCompile`, `JavaExec`, `GroovyCompile` etc (the aforementioned `com.palantir.baseline-java-versions` does this).
   * The daemon itself still requires a preinstalled JDK.
   * In future, we hope to implement this feature, although there it is not currently scheduled to be worked on.

## How can I see what JDK tasks are running with?

If you run you gradle invocation with `--info --rerun-tasks`, the JDK will be visible in the output:

```
$ ./gradlew compileJava --info --rerun-tasks
> Task :my-project:compileJava
Compiling with toolchain '/Users/username/.gradle/gradle-jdks/azul-zulu-17.34.19-17.0.3-a3ceab47882436a6'.
```

## Related projects

> * [`gradle-jdks-latest`](https://github.com/palantir/gradle-jdks-latest) applies this plugin and configures some reasonably new JDKs - really only for Palantir use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`gradle-jdks-latest`](https://github.com/palantir/gradle-jdks-latest) applies this plugin and configures the latest JDK releases - primarily exists for Palantir use, enforcing consistency across our open-source projects.
```
